README.md, before:

![hawtio][logo]

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/hawtio/hawtio.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/hawtio/hawtio)

Don't cha wish your console was [hawt like me?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA) I'm hawt so you can stay cool

**[hawtio](http://hawt.io)** is a lightweight and [modular](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) HTML5 web console with [lots of plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) for managing your Java stuff

[View Demos](http://hawt.io/articles/index.html)
[Get Started Now!](http://hawt.io/getstarted/index.html)

**hawtio** has [lots of plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) such as: a git-based Dashboard and Wiki, [logs](http://hawt.io/plugins/logs/index.html), [health](http://hawt.io/plugins/health/index.html), JMX, OSGi, [Apache ActiveMQ](http://activemq.apache.org/), [Apache Camel](http://camel.apache.org/), [Apache OpenEJB](http://openejb.apache.org/), [Apache Tomcat](http://tomcat.apache.org/), [Jetty](http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/), [JBoss](http://www.jboss.org/jbossas) and [Fuse Fabric](http://fuse.fusesource.org/fabric/)

You can dynamically [extend hawtio with your own plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) or automatically [discover plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) inside the JVM.

The only server side dependency (other than the static HTML/CSS/JS/images) is the excellent [Jolokia library](http://jolokia.org) which has small footprint (around 300Kb) and is available as a [JVM agent](http://jolokia.org/agent/jvm.html), or comes embedded as a servlet inside the **hawtio-default.war** or can be deployed as [an OSGi bundle](http://jolokia.org/agent/osgi.html).


## Want to hack on some code?

We love [contributions](http://hawt.io/contributing/index.html)!

* [Articles and Demos](http://hawt.io/articles/index.html)
* [FAQ](http://hawt.io/faq/index.html)
* [Change Log](http://hawt.io/changelog.html)
* [Hawtio Directives](http://hawt.io/directives/)
* [How to contribute](http://hawt.io/contributing/index.html)
* [How to build the code](http://hawt.io/building/index.html)
* [How to get started working on the code](http://hawt.io/developers/index.html)
* [Community](http://hawt.io/community/index.html)

Check out our [huboard](https://huboard.com/hawtio/hawtio#/) for prioritizing issues.

[logo]: http://hawt.io/images/hawtio_logo.svg "hawtio"

Commit message:

added ability to specify client key/cert/password to use when jolokia is configured for cert based auth

README.md, after:

added ability to specify client key/cert/password to use when jolokia is configured for cert based auth

    -Dhawtio.proxyClientKeyFile=/path/to/a/key/cert/combo.p12
    -Dhawtio.proxyClientKeyPass=the-passphrase-for-the-p12

# # # # # # # # # # #

![hawtio][logo]

[![CircleCI](https://circleci.com/gh/hawtio/hawtio.svg?style=shield)](https://circleci.com/gh/hawtio/hawtio)

Don't cha wish your console was [hawt like me?](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YNSxNsr4wmA) I'm hawt so you can stay cool

**[hawtio](http://hawt.io)** is a lightweight and [modular](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) HTML5 web console with [lots of plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) for managing your Java stuff

[View Demos](http://hawt.io/articles/index.html)
[Get Started Now!](http://hawt.io/getstarted/index.html)

**hawtio** has [lots of plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) such as: a git-based Dashboard and Wiki, [logs](http://hawt.io/plugins/logs/index.html), [health](http://hawt.io/plugins/health/index.html), JMX, OSGi, [Apache ActiveMQ](http://activemq.apache.org/), [Apache Camel](http://camel.apache.org/), [Apache OpenEJB](http://openejb.apache.org/), [Apache Tomcat](http://tomcat.apache.org/), [Jetty](http://www.eclipse.org/jetty/), [JBoss](http://www.jboss.org/jbossas) and [Fuse Fabric](http://fuse.fusesource.org/fabric/)

You can dynamically [extend hawtio with your own plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) or automatically [discover plugins](http://hawt.io/plugins/index.html) inside the JVM.

The only server side dependency (other than the static HTML/CSS/JS/images) is the excellent [Jolokia library](http://jolokia.org) which has small footprint (around 300Kb) and is available as a [JVM agent](http://jolokia.org/agent/jvm.html), or comes embedded as a servlet inside the **hawtio-default.war** or can be deployed as [an OSGi bundle](http://jolokia.org/agent/osgi.html).


## Want to hack on some code?

We love [contributions](http://hawt.io/contributing/index.html)!

* [Articles and Demos](http://hawt.io/articles/index.html)
* [FAQ](http://hawt.io/faq/index.html)
* [Change Log](http://hawt.io/changelog.html)
* [Hawtio Directives](http://hawt.io/directives/)
* [How to contribute](http://hawt.io/contributing/index.html)
* [How to build the code](http://hawt.io/building/index.html)
* [How to get started working on the code](http://hawt.io/developers/index.html)
* [Community](http://hawt.io/community/index.html)

Check out our [huboard](https://huboard.com/hawtio/hawtio#/) for prioritizing issues.

[logo]: http://hawt.io/images/hawtio_logo.svg "hawtio"
